-[BAAL] Kiriwo...
-[KIRIWO chuckles]
[BAAL] ...you're not wrong
about any of this.
Now do your duty!
[shatters]
-Hmm?
-[explosion booms]
[ALL screaming]
[screams]
What in the world?!
Calm down! Make sure the
students and staff are alright!
All faculty should check
their stations! Hurry!
[gasps]
There's a wall,
and it's invisible?!
Yeah, you're right!
Something's here!
[BOY 1]
What's going on?
[BOY 2] There are invisible
walls everywhere!
[BOY 3]
Are we trapped inside?
[GIRL]
Wait, seriously?
[KIRIWO]
Hmm. Now, then...
...let's get
the real party started!
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there is just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever
let them find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"Run, Iruma, to Kiriwo!"
There are walls everywhere.
You're right, and the scale
of them is unreal.
-Hmmm!
-Hmm?
Did you find
a wall there, too?
Not a one!
Why do you complicate
everything?!
-[IRUMA] Hey.
-[BOTH] Huh?
This barrier here...
Wait, is this... a wall?
Hiyah!
Hey, there's something
right there!
My stars,
it's an invisible wall.
-Oh yay!
-Isn't it great?
It's my bloodline ability,
Barrier.
Isn't it one of Kiriwo's?
[GAAKO] All that shaking before
was so scary.
[EIKO]
Right?
Gosh, I wonder
if Iruma's okay.
-[thud]
-[grunts]
-Huh?
-What's the matter with y--
-[thud]
-[grunts]
[EIKO]
A wall...
[humming]
-[thud]
-[yelps]
Do-san-ko was here!
[BOY 1]
What's going on?
[GIRL 1]
I can't get through here!
[BOY 2]
Or here!
[GIRL 2]
Acchan!
[BOY 3]
Bakemi!
[BOY 4]
Take that!
Aw, it's no use.
So basically,
we're trapped
in here with no way in
or out?
[KONATSU]
I wonder what's going on.
Apparently, there are walls
everywhere, inside and out.
Well, this sucks.
I wanted to go home
before the Party Day
to change
into something super cute.
[HARUNO]
All I want is a shower.
[BOY 1] Someone get
the teachers over here.
[BOY 2] I'm pretty sure
this is only gonna get worse.
[COME-COME] You've got this,
just keep on keeping on!
Protect the wares.
[straining]
[ALL panting]
Sorry for intruding, President,
but the panic is spreading!
It seems there are invisible
barriers all around the school--
-[ALL grunt]
-There's one in here, too?
-Hey, I found a gap over here.
-Hmm?
Su-ki-ma?
What shall we do?
[sighs]
A barrier, huh?
Barrier.
Come to think of it,
there was that classic scene
where those two had a pane
of glass between them.
Kakeru had run away
from the evil organization
and had to hide.
-[RIN] Kakeru!
-[KAKERU] Rin!
-[giggles]
-[QUICHE] President?
Aah!
Don't you panic!
For we,
the student council,
must set an example
for other students.
If we are panicking,
then everyone else
will just panic more.
Calmly assess our situation
and make sure
the students are safe.
[SUNNY/JOHNNY/QUICHE/SMOKE]
Will do, boss!
[AMERI] What in the netherworld
is going on around here?
-[thud]
-Ow!
[chomps]
Upsy-daisy!
Huh?
I wonder
what this barrier could be.
This thing won't budge an inch!
It's rock solid!
Oh, I get it! I bet
this is like a mystery game.
A surprise, yeah?
What are you babbling about?
I'm just wondering
who you think left
this surprise for us to uncover,
Acting Chair-Demon Kalego?
Stop calling me that. Move.
Cerberobuth, out!
[roaring]
[gasps, laughs]
So cool!
The heck?!
It sealed itself up again?
[KALEGO]
What the hell is this?
How much magic is necessary
to make a barrier
this resilient?
Maybe a Tet? No.
Something like this could
withstand everything except
the magic
of a Yodh-ranked demon.
Hmm.
On that note, is this
also connected to the fact
that that fool of a chair-demon
is being detained?
Perhaps someone
had him confined
so he wouldn't be able
to destroy it.
Newbie. Follow me.
Huh? Where are we going?
To the management warehouse.
But you saw it,
there's a barrier here.
So how are we going to...
[roars]
[KALEGO]
Cerberobuth.
[roaring]
[KALEGO]
Cerberobuth.
Wow, that's so awesome!
You are just amazing,
-Acting Chair-Demon!
-Silence.
Oop!
You wanted a surprise?
Well, newbie,
I will employ your idea.
Huh?
-Hello, Dali,
-Kalego, sir!
We seem to be having
a genuine emergency.
The students are panicking
and-- Huh?
Ah, that's wonderful!
[shrieking]
[ALL]
Hmm?
[DALI] [on PA]
Hello, students.
Can you all hear me clearly?
[BOY]
Professor Dali!
[DALI]
Did that surprise you?
Well, you can all relax!
This was a surprise event
created by the New Magic Battler
and the Game Battler.
-What? It's a surprise?
-[STUDENTS murmuring]
So, is this, like, a game?
[BOY]
I see.
[DALI] The whole school
is now a maze!
Hey, President,
we didn't actually cast
this spell, did we?
No way.
This game is news
to our group as well.
[DALI] Avoid those nasty
invisible walls
and head toward the goal:
the central plaza!
Huh, let's try going
this way.
-[thud]
-Ohh!
As the saying goes,
always make your mark.
[DALI] We even have prizes
for the winners!
-So, get fired up!
-[ALL] Ahh!
[straining]
[COME-COME]
Yay, surprises!
-Gonna get out of this maze!
-Hey!
You guys hurry up, now!
And scene.
That's the whole act.
Thanks a lot!
You Broadcast Battlers rule!
Sure.
Are you sure this is alright,
Professor Dali?
This wasn't listed
in the program.
[chuckles]
It was a surprise,
like I said.
-Right, Professor Kalego?
-[KALEGO] Yes.
Whatever happens,
we're not going
to let this ruin the party.
I'll make sure to get
the New Magic Battler
and the Game Battler
on the same page a bit later.
Nothing to worry about!
[KALEGO] Hmm. That's an
acceptable stopgap measure.
We don't want mass confusion
among the students.
-However...
-[pulsing]
All teachers
in the central plaza,
organize the students
who show up and take roll.
-Roger that, sir.
-Yis, sir.
[KALEGO] The rest of you,
try to figure this out.
Sir!
And go!
[croaking]
Newbie, aid me.
Yes, sir.
How can I be of service?
[laughs]
Wow!
Documents for days!
[KALEGO] All there is to know
about Babyls lives in here.
Anyone who can create a barrier
is a real suspect.
We're going to narrow
them down one by one.
From all these? Really?
Huh?
Come hither,
the goal's this way! Yis.
Yay! I think I'm
the first here!
[HARUNO/AZUKI/KONATSU]
Dosa!
Uh-huh.
Finally, we meet again.
I wonder what
our prize will be.
Yeah!
Right this way.
No need to rush.
[BOY 1]
Oh, you made it, too!
[BOY 2]
It was super easy.
[BOY 3]
This is the best surprise ever!
-[GIRL] Acchan!
-[BOY 4] Bakemi!
-Professor Blushenko.
-Hmm?
-We would like to assist you.
-[BLUSHENKO] Thank you.
Take care to keep
the others calm.
Yes, sir.
Hey. Frowns upside down.
[ALL]
Devi!
[BOY]
I wonder what the prize is?
I hope it's a ticket
to a waterpark.
I love the water!
They want us
to keep everyone calm?
Something is up, then.
What could it be, though?
I wonder if Iruma
got through safely.
[croaking]
[MOMONOKI]
Reporting.
The entire school
is surrounded
by a huge barrier.
No in or out.
Understood.
Thanks for updating.
[MOMONOKI]
Y-yes, sir.
[DALI] Professor Kalego.
Can you hear me?
Yes, go ahead.
It's no use.
We can't contact anyone
outside of Babyls.
The only way
we can use devi-comms
is inside
of the barrier itself.
But we'll keep trying, though.
Honestly, this is fun!
Yeah, I wonder what
they're planning to do next.
I'm getting so excited!
Surprises are important,
in life and in love.
After a quick count,
we estimate
about 80 percent
of the students are here.
Yes, and rather promptly, too.
[KALEGO]
Eighty percent?
Highly suspect.
It's as though they wanted
everyone in the plaza, quickly.
[chuckles]
It's lookin' good!
[beeping]
Uh-oh.
Where do you think
you're goin'?
Aah!
-Ow!
-Goober!
How about this way, then?
Let's get to the goal.
[KIRIWO] Yup.
Now you've got it.
Such good boys.
Yeah, there ya go.
This is basically
a rat's maze.
If they go the wrong way,
I'll guide them...
...until they're all
trapped together.
I'm gonna be blowin'
all of you fools up
with flowers of light...
...watchin' from the best seat
in the house.
I know you'll give it all
you've got... [snaps fingers]
[machinery whirring]
...Gabuko.
Or rather... School Destroyer.
Up, now.
Switch, on.
[electricity crackling]
You and I are the only ones
here in this room.
No one else can come in--
[alarm beeping]
What in the...
They're not headin'
to the central plaza.
No, they're headin' straight
to this room!
Something's wrong.
They're too fast.
They're gettin' through
the barrier gaps with ease.
Who could do all this?
[panting]
[IRUMA]
Just hang on, Kiriwo!
[alarm beeping]
Oh yeah,
it must be Iruma.
I bet he's reacting
to my choker again.
But wait,
I destroyed the stone.
He shouldn't be able
to track me down.
So how is he doing this?
[NARRATOR] To answer that,
we need to rewind a little.
-Hmmm!
-Hmm?
Did you find
a wall there, too?
Not a one!
Why do you complicate
everything?!
-[IRUMA] Hey.
-[BOTH] Huh?
This barrier here...
...isn't it one of Kiriwo's?
Hmm.
Yes, it would indeed appear
that this magic
is the same as his.
No fair, Kiriyan!
I wanna do a huge surprise
for the party, too!
You twit. It's much more
complicated than that.
I'm coming to your side
right now.
[grunts]
Time for Rolling Attack!
Ow. Owie.
Oh no!
Are you okay, Clara?
To think someone
with his limited magic
could put up
such a mighty barrier
all over the school.
Unbelievable.
If this was done solely
by Kiriwo,
who happens to be missing
at the moment,
it stands to reason
he's been carefully planning
this particular commotion
for years.
Say what?
He planned a locomotion?
Hey, Azz, Clara.
I can't be sure,
but I think
there's one place
Kiriwo might've gone.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[IRUMA] There's no guarantee
I'll get through the maze
and find it,
but I'm worried about Kiriwo...
...so I need to know how to get
to the third-year tower.
Can you help me?
-But of course!
-Yup!
Valac, conjure a piece
of paper and pen.
[CLARA]
You got it!
[chuckles]
[ASMODEUS]
Now, then.
Here's a rough sketch
of this area.
-[IRUMA] Wow!
-[CLARA] Not bad.
[IRUMA] You drew
all that from memory?
Yes, indeed!
It was on
the school prospectus,
so I memorized it.
Though I doubt this one
has even taken
a brief glance
at our esteemed catalog.
Yeah, you know it!
[ASMODEUS] If we can figure out
where the barriers are
on this map ahead of time,
you should be able to get
to your goal unfettered.
However...
What's wrong?
I sense that our small number
is going to be a problem
if our aim is to find
all of the barriers
by our lonesome.
[IRUMA]
Hmm.
If only we had the ability
to control frogs,
like Professor Momonoki does.
-I've got something.
-[IRUMA/ASMODEUS] Huh?
My soldiers!
Wait, what soldiers?
[CLARA] The ones that were
in the MagiApp room!
You can actually make
those things appear?
Well, duh, of course!
I can pull out anything
I've seen before.
There. There, there, and there.
There, there, there...
-We can always count on you!
-Not bad.
[NARRATOR]
Magic paper soldiers.
These charmed apparati
are obedient workers.
The more magic you give 'em,
the harder they work.
-[IRUMA] Awesome, Azz!
-[chuckles]
Now, go.
I'll follow the magic of the
paper soldiers I'm controlling
to find the locations
of the barriers.
Then I'll promptly report
those locations,
-wherever you may be.
-[IRUMA] Got it.
-Be careful now! Bye!
-Take care, Master.
Right. I will, thanks!
Oh, but can I run
in the hall?
Uh! Oh, I don't think
that's an issue right now.
Okay, great!
-Off I go.
-Have fun!
Make good choices!
[ASMODEUS] The path in front
of the science room,
in front of
the first-years' cafeteria,
the hallway in front
of the student council room.
Mm-hmm.
You can take
the north stairs.
Follow the left wall
as much as possible.
And on the next set of stairs,
the right wall.
Okay, I got it!
[ASMODEUS] Next, go right
and then straight!
There's a gap
on the right side.
Stay close to the right
and then turn left.
Next, turn right
and go straight.
Straight, but stay
to the right.
You're almost to
the third-years' tower, sir.
You've got this,
Iruma-kins!
Turn right
at the next corner.
Thanks, I owe you one!
I'm gonna find Kiriwo,
whatever it takes.
We're going to find Kiriwo Amy.
He's a third-year
whose barrier ability makes him
our most probable candidate.
Capture him on sight.
Dali, were you able to get
a hold of anyone
outside the school?
Zero luck with that, sir.
[KALEGO]
Unfortunate.
-Newbie.
-Huh?
You'll assist me again.
Mmm, got it!
Let's start our investigation
of Kiriwo Amy.
-Yis.
-But, sir,
what about
the students' safety?
[BLUSHENKO]
You needn't fear.
-[STUDENTS cheering]
-[ALL] Hmm?
Hup! Hup! Hup!
[growls]
Devi!
[BOY 1]
The Magic Beast Battler
is having
a dangerous stunt show!
-[BOY 2] Yeah!
-[BOY 3] Show us more!
Damn. These people make
so much commotion...
...and opportunity.
[ALL cheering]
Aah! Hey, let's try
to get closer.
-[screams]
-Hey, I'm standing, here!
[ALL screaming]
-[grunts]
-[ALL scream]
[ALL screaming]
-[GAAKO] Eiko!
-[screaming]
[EIKO gasps]
[ALL]
Ohh!
Are you alright?
President Ameri!
You're unharmed?
Uh, yeah.
Thank you very much.
-Be more careful next time.
-Yes.
[AMERI]
Clean up the rest.
[SUNNY/JOHNNY/QUICHE/SMOKE]
Boss!
Listen, all of you!
Demons should never take
the easy way out!
If you're going to fuss,
just do it more quietly!
-[BOY] Right on, Ameri!
-[GIRL] Yes, President!
[BOY]
You're the best!
How do you fuss quietly?
No idea, but the president rocks
so who cares!
That's brilliant.
-Get going!
-Yis!
[AMERI]
What's really going on?
Is this something that only
the teachers can figure out?
Almost all of the students
are assembled in the plaza.
Only a few are missing.
He's not here, either.
I'm worried.
What are you doing, Iruma?
Where are you?
[panting]
-[ASMODEUS] Are you still there?
-[CLARA] Hello?!
-Uh, yeah.
-[CLARA] Yee.
Good luck to you.
Boom! Say hi
to Kiriyan for me!
Okay! Thanks again!
He should be here,
right behind this wall.
[electricity crackling]
Iruma.
Ki... Su... Ma!
It's me, Eiko.
-You okay, Eiko?
-[EIKO] I'm not sure,
but something amazing
just happened.
The student council president
saved my life!
Why is my heart
pounding like this?
I-I want to talk
to her more.
Yet, I already have someone
I admire named Iruma!
What do I do?
This is crazy!
I've never been in a situation
like this before!
I think I love them both!
[NARRATOR] And so,
Eiko delved deeper
into her yearnings.
[AMERI]
This surprise event
even the student council
didn't know about.
Judging by how
the faculty's behaving,
there's definitely
something wrong here.
Where are you, Iruma?
Doing something adventurous
and unbelievable,
no doubt.
Next time, "What I Want
More Than Anything."
Iruma, please don't do
anything reckless.
And don't you dare forget,
you promised to watch
some romantic fireworks with me!
♪